Add "add space before citation" option (#16372)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - We added an "add space before" option in LibreOffice component. [#16349](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/16349)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We added an "add space before citation" option in the LibreOffice integration. [#16349](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/16349)
```
Also see if this is for CSL/BST only or also for JStyles - if JStyles too we need to mention that. I wonder if I checked that when adding "add space after"...

Author: No, only for CSL and BST. I think JStyle has its own logic right - It only adds a space after citation
